what time what time does he usually
linked the Toy Machine deck we use I use
I use this a lot and that's another time
machine duck Eric usually use that one
this is hey uh huh bursts are ya dice
tardec this is actually a pretty cool
don't this is just a no-name hand if
they're deaf it's a sugar yes sugar
brown sugar this is my special yeah this
tale deck yeah it's like a special
edition but you look here's my condition
the regular you could see the different
center so the fishtail and this is the
graphics mm-hmm this is a rail we used
in previous videos which is actually
available oldest and there's actually
it's actually a case like this this
still wheels oh she's got it oh there's
a wheel this is um this is our I'm gonna
take it apart because it's like a lot of
work to do yeah and so we have a half we
have a quarter pipe without gaps with
rails oh yeah water fight we have my
thing Steph emails other things um I'm a
minivan and we have luggage yeah and
that I'm step what I'm gonna try to be
better try to chill man ago okay guess
oh yeah anybody ok sorry and the battle
is detachable gorillas and it's
something that's a cake oh so here we go
he landed on the quarter pipe there oh
shut down all right now I'm going to
mind off it I'm gonna do that actually
worked ha and all right so that's our
collection